Jonathan Tran
Challenge4 Writeup
Last edited: 3/6/23

GitHub Repo: https://github.com/nevetsosu/302-projFinal.git


Summary:
	This challenge was a good push for us to proceed with our final project. We were working on other things before, so we had not really worked 
	on this final project much. There is still a lot of work to be done with the meat of the project since many of us are new to Unity. For now,
	we focused on getting familiar with Unity and getting some practice with it. Most of my time was spent on that. Work could have started earlier,
	but it has been a decent introduction to Unity so far.


Team-wide Logs:
	Discuss who does what, worked on individual milestone (1 hr)
	Discuss how Unity and github workflow are gonna work (1hr)

My Logs:
	Download and familiarize with Unity editor (1 hr)
	Familiarize with Unity API scripts (1 hr)
	Watched some Unity 2D tutorials, implemented the instructions in the tutorials (1.5 hrs)
	Trying to familiarize with C# and troubleshoot VS Code (1.5 hr)
	Searched for some assets to use as sprites (0.5 hrs)


Future Plans:
	I still need more practice with Unity, so I plan to do that. I should watch and read a few more guides and get more hands-on practice.
	Later on, we'll need to decide on the specific details on the visuals of the game, player and enemy movement, enemy types, attacks, difficulty,
	and other things. I plan on working on visuals, attacks, and difficulty.







Overall Rubric:
    20 hours per person (20 points)
    Compilable code, comments, well-formatted (10 points)
    Code works as intended and is similar to proposal (5 points)
    Writeup about experiences and group dynamics (5 points)

Jonathan Tran's Individual Rubric:
    Setup working environment: 5 points
    Familiarize with Unity API: 5 points
    Practice with Unity 2D Game Development: 10 points
    Work on visuals: 5 points
    Work on player and enemy attacks/formations: 10 points
    Work on difficulty, balancing, and troubleshooting: 5 points





Jonathan Tran's Milestones:

    Setup working environment: DONE
        Clone github repo
        Download unity
        Setup unity in github repo
        Setup C# intellisense in VSCode

    Familiarize with Unity API: DONE
        Look at examples
        Consider Unity training courses
        Practice with C#


    Practice with Unity 2D Game Development: IN PROGRESS
        Watch some tutorials: DONE
        Develop a simple game: IN PROGRESS


    Get some assets and sprites: IN PROGRESS
        Look up some sprites on Google: DONE
        Decide on sprites: IN PROGRESS



    Player Attacks: NOT YET
        Allow player to spawn lasers at a set rate (with a hard cap)
        Remove laser objects when off screen


    Enemy AI: NOT YET
        Attack patterns, formations, and movement
        Kinds of enemies

    Difficulty: NOT YET
        Different levels and difficulties

	

